OSDOCS-17172-monitoring-cluster-logging CQA (#115833)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/certificate_types_descriptions/monitoring-and-cluster-logging-operator-component-certificates.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Review service certificate authority (CA) certificates for monitoring and OpenShift Logging Operator components in {product-title}, including validity, automatic rotation, and system-managed namespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review service certificate authority (CA) certificates for monitoring and {clo} components in {product-title}, including validity, automatic rotation, and system-managed namespaces.
```
yup, there's an attribute; otherwise lgtm!

Author: Done
